update hipsparselt version and document (#208)
ROCm/hipSPARSELt: CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for hipSPARSELt is available at [rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipSPARSELt](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipSPARSELt/en/latest/index.html).

## (Unreleased) hipSPARSELt 0.2.4 for ROCm 6.5.0

### Added

> * Support for LLVM target gfx950.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for the LLVM target gfx950.
```

* Support for the following data type combinations for the LLVM target gfx950:
  * FP8(E4M3) inputs, F32 output, and F32 Matrix Core accumulation.
  * BF8(E5M2) inputs, F32 output, and F32 Matrix Core accumulation.

> * Support for roctx if HIPSPARSELT_ENABLE_MARKER=1 is set.
> * Support for cuSPARSELt v0.6.3 backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for ROC-TX if `HIPSPARSELT_ENABLE_MARKER=1` is set.
* Support for the cuSPARSELt v0.6.3 backend.
```

### Changed

> * Support for LLVM target gfx940 and gfx941 has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for the LLVM targets gfx940 and gfx941 has been removed.
```

### Optimized

> * Improve the library loading time.
> * Provide more kernels for FP16 datatype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the library loading time.
* Provided more kernels for the FP16 datatype.
```
